Added Kinesis docs (#84)
LearningLocker/docs: src/http-statement-forwarding.md

  "description" : "Statement forwarder"
}
```

### *[Enterprise]*: Forwarding to AWS Kinesis
_Note: Only available in Enterprise editions of Learning Locker_

To create a statement forward configured for AWS Kinesis Firehose, configure the record with this modified data structure:

```js
  "configuration" : {
    "protocol" : "Kinesis",
    "authType" : "no auth"
  },
  "kinesisOptions" : {
    "streamName" : "KinesisFirehoseName", // The immutable name of the Kinesis Firehose configured in AWS
    "awsClientKey" : "xxxxxxxxxxxx", // AWS client access key with appropriate permission
    "awsClientSecret" : "xxxxxxxxxxxx", // AWS client secret key
    "awsRegion" : "us-east-1" // AWS Kinesis Firehose region
  },
```

#### Permissions

> In order for Learning Locker to succesfully write to the Kinesis Firehose, please ensure that the IAM user (attributed to the key/secret) has the minimum permissions in its policy:

Reviewer: Just fixing a typo and moving the comment out of the JSON.

```suggestion
In order for Learning Locker to successfully write to the Kinesis Firehose, please ensure that the IAM user (attributed to the key/secret) has the minimum permissions in its policy (as shown below). When using the example below, please replace `region`, `account-id`, and `KinesisFirehoseName` with your details in the `Resource` array.
```

```json
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "firehose:PutRecord",
            ],
            "Resource": [

>                 "arn:aws:firehose:region:account-id:deliverystream/KinesisFirehoseName" // update `region`, `account-id` and `KinesisFirehoseName`

Reviewer: Removing the comment because it's not valid in JSON and I'm not sure how the Jekyll will handle it.
```suggestion
                "arn:aws:firehose:region:account-id:deliverystream/KinesisFirehoseName"
```
